# **Privacy Policy**

OtakuRoom Software (hereinafter referred to as the Software) respects and protects the personal privacy of all users who use the service. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, this software will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this Privacy Policy. However, this software will treat this information with a high degree of diligence and prudence. Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, our company will not disclose or provide this information to third parties without your prior permission. This software will update this privacy policy from time to time. When you accept the contract for using the app service, you are deemed to have accepted the entire content of this privacy policy. This privacy policy is an integral part of the agreement to use The app service.

1. This software can also be run without logging in. In non-login mode, none of your personal information will be obtained, and all content you create will only be saved locally.
2. After you log in, we will obtain your **User Name** and **User Email**, and this information will be uploaded to the server. Among them, the user name is public information, and other users can see your user name; the email address is private information, which is only used for verification purposes, and we will not provide your email address to third parties.
3. In any case, this software will not collect your location, name, phone number, contacts and other personal information. It will not read the device content of the camera and microphone.
4. You can share your creations through this software, and once you do so, your creations will be shared with other users via the [IPFS](https://ipfs.tech/) network. This action **cannot be undone**, we cannot remove your creation if another user has downloaded it.
5. If an error occurs when the program is running, the software may ask you to upload the log. If you agree, the log will be uploaded to the server. Logs are private information and we will not provide them to third parties.
